Hi, everybody.
Nearly six years after the
worst financial crisis
of our lifetimes, our
businesses have
added nearly 10 million new jobs
over the past 53 months.
That's the longest streak
of private-sector
job creation in our history.
And we're in a six-month
streak with our economy
creating at least 200,000
new jobs each month --
the first time that's
happened since 1997.
Thanks to the decisions we
made to rescue
and rebuild our economy, and
your hard work and resilience,
America is leading again.
Areas like manufacturing,
energy, technology,
and autos are all booming.
And here's the thing:
we're selling more goods
Made in America to the
rest of the world
than ever before.
American exports are
at an all-time high.
Over the past five years,
we've worked hard
to open new markets for our
businesses,
and to help them compete on a
level playing field
in those markets.
And we've broken records
for exports
four years running.
Last year, our exports
supported more than
11 million American jobs -
about 1.6 million
more than when I took office.
They're good jobs that
typically
pay about 15% more than the
national average.
And more small businesses
are selling their goods
abroad than ever before --
nearly
300,000 last year alone.
We should be doing
everything
we can to accelerate this
progress, not stall it.
One place to start is
by supporting
something called
the U.S. Export-Import Bank.
Its sole mission is to
create American jobs.
That's it.
It helps many American
entrepreneurs take that
next step and take their
small business global.
But next month, its
charter will expire --
unless Members of
Congress do their
job and reauthorize it.
Now, past Congresses have
done this 16 times,
always with support from
both parties.
Republican and Democratic
Presidents
have supported the bank, too.
This time around shouldn't
be any different.
Because the bank works.
It's independent.
It pays for itself.
But if Congress fails
to act, thousands
of businesses, large and
small,
that sell their products abroad
will take
a completely unnecessary hit.
Small business owners have
had to overcome
a lot these past several years.
We all saw local
businesses close their
doors during the crisis.
And in the past few years,
we've seen more
and more open their doors and do
their part to help
lead America's comeback.
At the very least, they
deserve a Congress
that doesn't stand in the
way of their success.
Your members of Congress
are home this month.
If you're a small business
owner or employee
of a large business that
depends on financing
to tackle new markets and
create new jobs,
tell them to quit treating your
business
like it's expendable, and start
treating
it for what it is: vital to
America's success.
Tell them to do their jobs
-- keep America's
exports growing, and keep
America's recovery going.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.